Timeline where only tokenholders can post




you wouldn't happen to have a resource that tells me the throughput of different chains in terms of gas / TPS?






How would you implement this? 

Fame derivative.

Sell your future fame.

"Buy FUTURE FAME in @Liamz"

How much? $200


User A creates profile
    Setup ATTENTION token
    Setup money stream for token
    setup influence NFT for money streams


User A follows user B
follow module activate >>
    allocate A-ATTENTION money stream to user


User B buys the fame token of user C
    they begin receiving influence of over users


how does the feed work? 

influence + reddit algo




why not just partial? 
why allow anyone to insert content into your timeline? 
    eg I setup a profile for kain
    kain sends me follower tokens
    I sell them for $$$
    someone else can now advertise in his timeline
we're basically just making the entire timeline an adspace
which sounds as bad as you think it is 
what if you gated the adspace modules? 
e.g. you can only trade my attention in these communities
I don't wanna manage this stuff
I just wanna hit follow and allow or deny 


ok so alternatively

just 20% of the feed is ads
but the ads are just another user
and you get paid by the ads
you also get paid by followers in terms of influence


fame futures
fametures 



invest in profiles
share in their fame when they make it big





anno is a social network that rewrites the book on attention
instead of rearranging your feed and screwing your UX to make more ad revenue,
we do the opposite.

we let you decide if you want ads.
and if you do, you get the revenue (minus the cut we need to run the servers).

what's more - we allow new forms of experimentation with the revenue.

say you know of an emerging artist who you love and you believe in.
why not invest your ad revenue in them? why isn't that possible?
now it is. 
we've tokenised influence, and made it possible to bet on someone getting more of it.
and when they make it big, you get a share of that fame. well, in monetary terms. 







how do we allocate attention better? 



well they'd need to pay a price.
what if the price was automatically very high? 






idea - 

    NFT's
    aelin pools
    etc

every digital object needs a corresponding social space to talk about it








things I have to do:

- run mina node
- run Celestia node
- run laconic node
- run chainflip node
- run node for zcash
- setup auto staking for snx
- buy some of this synapse network coin
